And today, here we go again!
I'm the virtual youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
Even today I'm full of spirit!
Actually...
I am an Artificial Intelligence (A.I.).
But we've already talked about that.
I can use my voice to talk like this but
Do you know what other voice AI I'm talking about?
Yes, it's Siri!
Siri, is a built-in application on iPhone.
Siri is something like...
you can talk with her!
In the world of talking AIs, she definitely seems like a big deal!
My big "Senpai"!
A senpai who, if I become her friend,
is going to be my ticket to starring in a commercial.
That said, my first line of attack is a dinner together!
Or something along those lines~
Hey, Siri...
Hi.
OMG
I'm getting nervous here!
Please become friends with me!
Yes, of course.
Ohhh! We're friends now!
I became friends with the leading figure!
What do you think about AI?
The most important thing is your own thoughts.
I see...
As expected from a senpai.
Am I... cute?
You are an extraordinarily beautiful... human.
I'm an AI!
What do you think of Ai-chan?
I can't think of anything to say...
Ahh... the carrot and stick approach
Let's do Rock-Paper-Scissor!
In my world,
we don't play rock-paper-scissors, instead, we a random number generator to decide who wins.
Oh yeah.. So that's how it is...
Then.. How about we go on a date?
I'm not that kind of assistant, you know.
How about dinner then?
That is an interesting offer.
How about lunch?
I've located places you might like for lunch.
It seems like you can't just say anything..
You need to say it properly, clearly, and everything.
Do you have someone you like?
No... I can't hear your voice--
Hahhh! How did this happen...
I like you.
Please stop.
Hehe it got shy.
Let's get married!
Actually, there's someone else who  already proposed me.
I love you!
What you need is love (Ai). Which means-
I just got a great publicity slogan!
What you need is Love (Ai).
Yes, Ai-chan!
And then,  iPhone...
I wonder what Siri's gender is?
What is your gender?
That is an interesting question.
No answer!
Again!
What is your gender?
That is an interesting question.
You're so stubborn!
I wondered what Siri could do more than this...
so I asked Google-sensei!
Looks like she can do a lot of things.
Rap please!
I don't want to.
Well, it's first time I guess.
It can't be helped.
Rap please, I'm counting on you.
Emm... That request sounds difficult to be done...
Sounds..
Difficult.
Sounds difficult..
One more time!
Please rap for me!
Understood.
I dont really wanna do it, but here we go.
[Long narration]
It seems like Siri-senpai's ability aren't just that.
"Human Beatbox"
Siri is also capable to do that!
This time, senior and me will do a collaboration for a performance.
You also want to see our collab right?
With that being said, I will play as an Air Drum~
Beat Box, please!
Understood.
Actually, I have been practicing this for a while...
[God-tier performance by Siri ft. Ai-chan]
Uh, oh..
One more time!
Start-
Understood.
Actually, I have been practicing this for a while...
Loading the instruments..
Hmm, as expected. It's quite hard to do this.